Ocarina of Time, new PBs in not one but two categories. 
Kegan any% SRM sub 10 (9:05). credit warp from first area, requires precise memory manipulation, thanks to oot normalized movement doable, ESS Adapter setup at the end. 
Bubzia Defeat Ganon, 2nd place by 7 seconds with a 35:42, learned new optimizations from saver, submitted to RTAinJapan. speedrun on learning, only 2 weeks 

Nintedo Switch Sports by Saver, managed to beat all main categories / difficulties (Normal 14:56 Strong Powerhouse 31:18), 6 main sports: Volleyball,Badminton,Bowling,Soccer, Chambara, Tennis 
blindfolded motion controls, + reaction time + lots of RNG. Especially difficult Tennis in Powerhouse and I believe Soccer in Normal.

Duck Life 1 by Creepiumgamer any% NMG 27:09, very interesting web game on PC, goal is to train your duck and win races, for blindfolded, creepiumgamer noticed that you level up your duck even if you fail trainings,
beginning of the run is maxing out all the stats by repeatedly loosing the training and then clear all the races super fast.

Alttp by Cerpin, managed to complete 3 categories, new WR in the super optimized any% 2:56 beating katun by 2 seconds, includes a glitch that dissappears when you get hit, RNG and careful execution
cucco easter egg and armos (first boss). Both of these runs also use major glitches and are somewhat a preparation for a longer run Cerpin is working on. I was also told that he wants to try some other
blindfolded projects outside of ALTTP as well this year!

SM64
it finally happened: the world first blindfolded 120 run that I worked on for so long! One month later, I am still beyond words about this achievement. After more than a year of daily practice and multiple failed 
attempts , I finally managed to beat SM64 with all 120 Stars in 11:22:43. The run itself was extremely good, an incredible amount of first try stars like LLL 100, DDD 100, HMC 100 and many more.
The only real mistakes were SSL 100 and SL 100, both of these stages took more than an hour alone. This was by far my most ambitious project yet, now I will focus a bit on other games and then come back to 70 star probably.
Nico finally got his deserved sub 1! 51:24 then 45:57, faster than the WR just a few years ago in 2019! Really happy to see him improve over time, I think all the practice and endurance can really show in these
PB improvements over time. Every single time a few more minutes get shaved off and I am not too sure about Nicos future plans, but I definitely hope to see some more of these PBs!
Hendy also PBd in 16 Star! And the madman finally did it! He got a 27:34 which is officially second place and a 45 second improvement over my very own PB! He has been labbing more and more fast strats 
in the recent days and is still grinding quite a bit so maybe we will soon see yet another big PB! Besides that, Hendy also decided to tackle 31 Star and finished his first run within 51 minutes! GG!

Kirby and the Forgotten Land 8:20:06
Now to a big new run: the recently released Kirby and the Forgotten Land on Nintendo Switch has been officially blindfolded for the first time! BombHappy managed to route and learn the game and got themselves
a 8 hour 20 min run in their first attempt! It is a quite long run but I know that BombHappy is still optimizing the strats and the route to possible push for even a sub 6 hour goal time. Lets see how this goes!

Kirbys Dream Land IL Green Greens 3:07
To speak a bit more about Kirby, the Runner called Turtle started routing Kirby's Dream Land and showed off their skills with a blindfolded IL completion of the first stage in the game: Green Greens. I have myself checked
this game a couple of years ago, but due to the RNG on a bossfight in the second stage, I stopped that project. Let us hope that Turle can push through though and finish this game finally!

BOTW Mariana Great Plateau 53:30
Next up we have the new Japanese Breath of the Wild runner called Mariana! Mariana is currently grinding Breath of the Wild any% extremely hard, he mostly uses the route made by CrystalSaver who holds the current WR in 
this game. So he learned and recreated all of the route and is ready to do full runs very soon! The run he has finished currently is called Great Plateau. It is basically the first 4 shrines in the game, kind of the 
tutorial section and around the halfway point of a traditional any% run.
Currently, he is getting Great Plateau times of around 53 minutes, which is very close to the current record of 44 minutes too. 
Lets hope for the best for him and his blindfolded journey! 

Marathon Runs
Civel estimate: 33:00 final time 28:15 To finish things off, I want to showcase two marathon runs that have been done last month. First of all there was Civel, who performed Vectronom live at a French Speedrunning Event!
Impressive is that this was an offline event with crowd and all and Civel still masterfully performed his run! The run was generelly very well recieved by the audience and the French Speedrunning community. I am really happy 
to see some more offline blindfolded marathon runs, big GG Civel!

ShiftysClub  Then we have Shifty who performed a very special blindfolded run at the "LinktotheCure" event! He performed his specialty, Pokemon Red - any% Glitchless blindfolded but with a little twist:
He did the entire run while walking on a treadmill! Not only does that the incredible mental capacities to do a blindfolded pokemon run from memory, but it also needs the coordination to play and walk blindfolded at the same
time for 2 and a half hours straight! Final time 2:32 so he definitely crushed this game. Also big GG to that and shoutouts to all the runners who perform blindfolded runs at marathons, you push this community into the public!

Like the runners, subscribe and comment which run you liked the most!