Hello Ladies and Gentlemen!

Welcome to yet another Episode of Blindfolded Speedrun News! My name is Bubzia and I will be telling you about the newest achievements and speedruns done 
by the blindfolded speedrunning community in the month of June 2022!

Lets go right into it and start with an incredibly cool run: Pokemon Crystal - any% NSC by Cerpin!
NSC stands for no save corruption and this category is incredibly broken despite its name. Its basically any% without the absolute abuse of glitches to instantly go the credits.
In Pokemon Gold, you can first beat the first arena, then get some important items and checks I believe, and from there on overload your menu with writing some code into the names of the 
pokemon storage system. That allows you to warp right to the credits at the end of the game. 
Apparently, in blindfolded the biggest challenge for Cerpin was the sheer memorization, as the box naming sequence to set up the glitch has almost 200 inputs without any visuals to refer to. 
His PB still has some menuing mistakes, but most of the timesave from now on will be from optimizing the movements throughout the run. Cerpin wants to improve this category a bit more, but
is also already eyeing a new blindfolded project! Really excited to see what he comes up with next!

Next up we have a new blindfolded world record in Minecraft - Set Seed any%! Pufferfish_King managed to grab the record from Saver! Minecraft is a very precise run, so it is incredible to see this time being 
optimized more and more. There is basically no room for error or any mistakes, as backups are likely not an option. One missed click or one missed jump usually means a complete restart, and I was told that
sometimes you dont even realize that you messed up something until you are at the very end trying to shoot the dragon, only to find out you never bought the required arrows 15 minutes ago.
Big GG for this run, and I am curious if anyone else will come up with futher optimizations in the future!

Then we have our regular participant in this show: Hendy with SM64 - 16 Star! Hendy was on a crazy roll lately and lowered his time in this month from a 27:34 to a 24:52! He even managed to PB 3 day in a row back to back,
earning him the PB he has now. Hendy is getting very close to the World Record in 16 star, his sum of best is already far below it at this point, so its very exciting to see his grind these days! 
I myself am joining this race for world record or at least for a good time, I have already relearned most of the run and even optimized large portions of the current strats.
Biggest shoutout and respect for Hendy achieving these crazy times and motivating me, as well as others to give their best in their speedgames!

Next I want to shortly introduce some IL runs of various games from this month! 

First, we have a Nex, who is currently routing a blindfolded run of New Super Mario Bros Wii! Nex made a playlist with all the ILs so far and even finished a whole world 1 speedrun of it!
Currently the hardest stage seems to be 5-4 because there is only 1 normalization spot and it all requires very precise beatcounts. 
Still they are planning to eventually do a full game run, which would be incredible to see in my opinion!

Then we have our veteran Sonic runner Azurillkirby, who managed to beat a few more stages in Sonic Adventures! Azurillkirby also thinks a full run with Sonic would be possible, though there are some rather
tedious and difficult sections in Level 4 and 5, so he doesnt know if he wants to keep on grinding ILs for this game. One fun fact in Emerald Coast is, that in the first section there are only two instances 
where you have to press anything other than just forward. Maybe people are right when they say that you only have to hold forward to win in Sonic!

Besides that, we also have some crazy IL completions in the rhythm game A Dance of Fire and Ice by oatmeal! They finished 2 songs from the newly released DLC which are incredibly difficult to perform
as you might see here. You basically need to know these songs perfectly in order to do this and it is super incredible to see such challenges in rhythm games being done lately too!

Last but not least, we have a super cool IL of the stage Hell on Earth in Doom Eternal by KalderinoFeross! This is a really awesome completion as it features blindfolded 1st person shooting action,
there are many fight segments, movement segments and even a difficult skip which is achieved by resetting the position with void warps and then performing a precise damage boost jump!
Really cool to see more 1st person games being blindfolded.

Let us jump back to full game runs! BombHappy has manage to improve his blindfolded any% time in Kirby and the Forgotten Land by quite a bit! And by quite a bit I mean multiple hours!
BombHappy has been optimizing the route more and more, and plans to still grind to the goal of 5 hours! What now can still be improved is apparently some movement normalizations as well as
utilizing a notched controller for straight angles! Very excited to see how far this grind will go!

Then, we have a huge section of Breath of the Wild runs this month.
I will start with Mariana, who was present in last months episode already with a Great Plateau run. Well, Mariana finally managed to beat the full any% run of the game! That makes him 
the second person to ever finish a Breath of the Wild any% run. And his time is really good on top of that! The grind for a better time is still going on though there is some hesitation right now,
because I myself have also joined the Breath of the Wild speedruns! I rerouted the entire Great Plateau and beat the old WR by around 6-7 minutes. The new optimizations came mostly from strats utilizing 
a notched controller and a lot of beatcounting, that why we actually have now decided to separate all blindfolded categories in this game into "Notched" vs. "Non-Notched". After my Great Plateau optimizations,
Saver, the any% World Record holder also rejoined the race and implemented the new notched controller strats into his run, and he managed to optimize the Great Plateau route by still quite a bit. I myself am close 
to finishing routing any% now, and I believe both Saver and Mariana will join the new notched route in the future too! Besides that, Saver has also done a first run of the "meme" category: Go Home and Die%. A very short
category that teaches you the basics of the movement of the game etc. so I can highly recommend it if you love the game and want to try something blindfolded yourself in it!

To quickly continue with myself, I have also beaten the WR in blindfolded Ring Fit Adventure, World 1 Intensity 30 this month. Ring Fit Adventure is a sports game with many RPG elements, and the speedrun is actually
extremely cool in terms of techniques and even skips. This run uses a lot of beatcounting, as well as really crazy muscle intensive workout mashings, so you really get sweating during this one. I made a commentated video
about the run, so please go ahead and check it out!

Before we come to the end of this episode, I want to also quickly introduce the extremely short run of Honshogi Naitou Kudan Syogi Hiden by Ifuro. This is basically a match in the japanese "chess" variation called Shogi,
and the goal of this run is to beat the AI in one match. I cannot tell you much about the specifics of Shougi or if it is RNG-manipulatable or anything, but its really cool to see these kind of different games being
blindfolded in my opinion!

Then, last but not least, we have a huge new any% run of Wario Land 3 by Dolleman! This came out of nowhere for many of us and it is a extremely cool and long 2D Platformer run that I can only highly recommend to check out.
The Wario Land series is really unique in terms of blindfolded, since it offers many fast and normalized movement options, as well as the ability to reset music cycles by quick saving the game and reentering it.
Dolleman spend around 2 months working on this run, 6 months went into routing and practice with individual levels, and 2 further weeks for refinements and partial runs as the final preparation.
Huge congratulations on this achievement!

And with that, this month's episode of blindfolded speedrun news is about to end again! Thank you very much for watching, as always give all the runners some love and check out their amazing runs! If you dont want
to miss next months episode, hit the subscribe button and as always, tell me which run you liked the most this month! My name is Bubzia and I wish you all a wonderful day, goodbye!



  