
Welcome to another episode of Blindfolded Speedrun News! Once again, I have some awesome runs and achievements to share with you!
To start things off, we have a new world record in Vectronom by Civel! He managed to beat the already pretty optimized
previous record another two whole minutes and got himself a time of 26 minutes.
Here is some information to the run: Apparently the run is already really optimized in terms of speed and consistency due to many months of routing,
so the next step would be to refine some beatcounts and music cues to potentially sometimes go offbeat to skip some obstacles. Another
interesting point is, that this run could save another minute RTA as it was played on Switch, whereas the run is usually counted in IGT and played on PC.
Civel's next goals are a sub 25 run, as well as another category of this game called "All Pickups". Best of luck with that!

Next up we can welcome Aryais once again, as he managed to improve the blindfolded Super Mario Bros. world record again!
This time he managed to snatch a pretty big PB with a time of 7 minutes and 1 second. This way, he secured himself a first place by 58 seconds. This 
run has been optimized to an extreme in the past couple of months and this definitely shows it well. Many fast and therefore riskier strats are used
in this route, so any mistake means the run over. Still, Aryais pushed through and finally got a run that included it all! Big GG to that!

Sypervenya recently shared some work in-progress blindfolded project with me: Asterix and Obelix XXL. You can see some really cool normalization
strats in this 3D platformer. Especially carefully considering the camera that moves dynamically really impresses me. They said that a full run would
probably not happen in the future as the game is pretty long, but they plan to do some segments of the game in a single session. I am really excited to how this turns out!

February was a crazy month for blindfolded SM64. Not only do we have 2 new 16 star completions, but also the practice for 120 star has finished and we have a date for the
first run!
First of all, we have Parsee, a Japanese top runner of the game who finished his first blindfolded 16 star run with a time of 1 hour and 24 minutes. Most of his
strats are based off of Noboris record, so even though it was his first run, he used tons of super advanced strategies like standing left side and elevator skip in Bowser in the Sky.
The retries of these difficult strats have cost him some time, but in my opinion this completion is extremely impressive! GGs!

Second of all, my own progress with Super Mario 64. As I said earlier, the Stage RTA practice has been finished. I managed to beat the last few stages, namely SSL and DDD and since then
am practicing my memory for the big run, which will take place on the 19th of March, starting 9am CET. Besides that, I also got a new record in the romhack: Super Captain Falcon 64.
I grinded the blindfolded 1 Star category of this hack already last year but now, in preparation for an ESA marathon run I had, I optimized some strats even more and got this
close to flawless run. I played within around 15-20 seconds of my Sum of Best, so this will be really tough to beat. 

Finally, I want to introduce you to Nico2718. You may have heard his name before in some previous news, as he was running Red Ball blindfolded.
Well this month, he went really crazy on blindfolded speedrunning.
To start, he begann practicing Super Mario 64 and managed to finish a full 16 star run! His final time was 1 hour and 23 minutes. He did some other finished attempts before this but 
had some technical difficulties with recording etc. so we are all very glad it worked out in the end to get some nice footage of a finished run! Interesting to note is that he played 
on Wii with an Emulator, not the virtual console. That allowed him to play with his only Wii controller: A Wii Remote + Nunchuck. If you ask me, thats definitely a world's first!

Then, to continue with Nico, he also managed to improve his Red Ball - 12 Levels PB by around 2 minutes, as well as clearing a whole new category for the first time in the world!
This time, he challenged the 17 Level category, which includes all previous 12 levels + 5 more. His final time in this run was 11 minutes and 40 seconds. 

Lastly, he challenged another game and wow this is a shocker! Many people have talked about this one before but nobody has ever tried it until now. Nico finished the
Shell cup in Time Trial Mode in Mario Kart Wii while blindfolded! That involves some beatcounted driving, normalizing with water respawns and many more cool techniques! 
It is really amazing to finally see some progress in blindfolded Mario Kart and hopefully we will see more of it!

To switch gernes a bit, we have another Metal Gear Solid 2 - Tanker completion. But this time, it comes with a twist. ApacheSmash and TheLightningStrikes met up at the recent ESA event,
and sat down to beat the game in a one controller two player setting! Similar to what was done before in Punch Out at GDQ, the two runners shared the controller with one hand each! These amazing 
challenge runs within the blindfolded community are extremely impressive and it cannot be understated how difficult it is to perform such a run. The two theorized that a much lower time could still
be achieved with more practice, so who knows, maybe on another occasion we will see more of this! Congrats to both of you!

Last but not least, we have Calamay beating the first chapter in Celeste with the golden berry! It was his first blindfolded performance within Celeste and he already impressed with some unique 
and really clever strats. Hopefully we will see more of this in the future. As a reference, the golden berry attempts mean beating the entire chapter of the game without a single death! And trust me, 
this is really really difficult to pull off! Huge GGs and hope you had fun trying out some blindfolded gaming!

Thats it for this month in the blindfolded speedrun community. Many amazing runs and runners, as always show them some love, leave them a follow and if you enjoyed the news today, leave a like and subscribe!
There have already been some blindfolded completions in the first days of March, so lets look forward to the next episode. My name is Bubzia, thank you for your time and I wish you happy gaming!
See you around!
