Hello Ladies and Gentlemen,
welcome to another episode of blindfolded speedrun news! This time we will try to set up this whole news section a bit differently! I am proud to annouce that I decided
to become a 100% legit and official news caster for the blindfolded speedrunning community, so you will see me more in person from now on!
Anyways, lets get down to business, as we have many incredible runs to showcase this month.

Mike Tyson Punch Out
As you have probably guessed already from the video playing, we have a new world record in Mike Tyson's Punch Out! And what a crazy run that is. The legend "SummoningSalt" himself,
went on a journey to break the 4 year logn standing blindfolded record. And he managed to PB even thrice getting himself the amazing time
of 18 minutes and 3 seconds. The run includes a round 1 Tyson fight, which apparently is the 3rd fastest fight that has ever been completed blindfolded. He says that the run
can actually still go a bit lower, since the Macho fight gave him a very rare pattern which looses some time. A final goal time would be a sub 17:30, but apparently a 16 minute 
run might also be possible. Incredible if you ask me, lets see how this all develops!

Celeste
Next up we have Celeste and a lot of work has been done by three players specifically! 
First of all, we have a new runner called oatmeal77 finishing the Chapter 1 Golden Berry blindfolded. It is apparently getting a pretty popular category to blindfold,
I believe it might already be the most run IL in our database to be fair! Lets hope we see some more new people try it out!
Then we have Saver, who challenged himself with the incredibly difficult Chapter 3 Golden Berry. It is an incredibly long chapter with many rooms that have tight jumps and cycles in them.
It also contains the infamous "demodash" right end the end, which is an extremely precise skip. The problem is you die if you miss it, and well in golden berry runs you are unfortunately not allowed to die!
And since it is around 10 minutes into the run, its a pretty unforgiving skip to do. But Saver nailed it with some clever pausebuffer techniques.
We also have Klice once again in our show! Klice started routing the "All Red Berries" category of some chapters and proved with chapter 7 that it is possible. This category
means basically collecting all collectibales in a chapter, and for a full run, you would also need to collect 4 hearts in some chapters of your choice. He already proved 
the chapter 1 heart as possible too, in a full clear run, which means collecting all berries and the hidden heart in that chapter.
As you can see, there is lots of work currently going into blindfolded celeste and you just love to see it. Amazing game, amazing runners, check it all out!

Sailor Moon 
Lets come to a bit of a more unknown game. The japanese runner Norishige has managed to beat the any% on "Normal" difficulty for the first time. For those who dont know,
Sailor Moon R is a classic 2D arcade fighting game in which you traverse levels, and beat up enemies. The game has been blindfolded by already 3 people on easy ,
 including myself actually, but nobody has ever tried the normal one. Normal makes enemies much tougher as well as adding 2 more levels to the run. Big shoutouts to Norishige
for trying this and who knows, maybe one day we will also see a Hard difficulty completion?

Super Mario 64

Next up, lets talk about the world of Super Mario 64. No blindfolded news without Sm64 am I right? Lets first talk about the absolutely amazing PB from Hendy, that he recently
got in 16 Star. Hendy is officially the 3rd person in the world to get a blindfolded sub 30 minute time! He is just a couple of seconds behind my very own PB now, which
makes me sweat pretty hard honestly. But jokes aside, he grinded this category for a long time already and finally got his goal of a sub 30. He nailed several extremely advanced
strategies like the so called Nobori Cycle in Firesea with an amazing backup, and just overall great gameplay. Extremely extremely proud of this man, apparently he want to challenge
31 Star and perhaps even 1 star next!
I myself have improved several Stage RTAs, including SSL, DDD and JRB by quite a bit. As well as, well. Attempting the world's first blindfolded
120 star completion. I unfortunately had to quit the run after 8 hours because there were many very unfortunate mistakes in combination with some controller issues. So 
I decided to rather save up my energy for a better, second attempt and finished with 71 stars. The next 120 Star attempt will be on 3rd of April, and maybe when this video releases, 
I will maybe already be in the blindfolded SM64 history books. Or maybe not, maybe I will have to quit again for some reason, we will see. 
Besides that, I cleared one of the most ridiculous blindfolded speedruns in history yet.
I cleared the SM64 romhack Desert Mario 64 in just under 8 hours. Now whats so crazy about that? Well, its a hack in which you have to walk down a straight road for 8 hours.
WITHOUT going AFK. If you stop jumping during these 8 hours, you slowly start getting damage until you eventuall die. I did this in preparation of the 120 star run as a kind of 
endurance and stamina training. And honestly, I think it was great. We all love these kind of meme runs right?

Mario Kart Wii
Once more, Nico has cleared another time trial cup in Mario Kart Wii, this time the Banana Cup. Lets take a second here to appreciate Nico, he finished incredibly many 
blindfolded runs in the past few months, GG man. So, how is it possible to play Mario Kart Wii blindfolded you ask? Well, Nico has some answers: he cleverly uses the respawn 
mechanic of going out of bounds like for example dropping into water in combination with some beatcounted turns and other techniques. Since it is the time trial category,
there is no randomness in form of items of other drivers. I am sure we will see more and more cups being blindfolded in the future, maybe even some other Mario Kart games!

Grey-Box Testing
Next, we have a game I have personally never heard about, but someone send me this video and its pretty cool and interesting! Decrazyo has managed to beat the game Grey-Box Testing
blindfolded. It is a 3D Puzzle game, in First person and kind of looks similar to Portal. Apparently the hardest part of the run is grabbing these cubes as it requires timing 
as well as mouse movement. Once you are holding a box though, you can use audio cues to navigate which makes things a bit easier. He decided to run this game is it was the only 
empty category on speedrun.com, and well great that he did! Always awesome to see some new runs!

MGS2
We also have once again another new completion of Metal Gear Solid 2 - Tanker blindfolded! Mockingjay took the challenge and grinded this run quite a bit, getting an amazing time of 
9 minutes and 12 seconds. That is currently the 3rd place on the leaderboard right behind TheLightningStrikes and ApacheSmash. Honestly, Tanker and Celeste Chapter 1 Golden Berry have 
been really popping of lately, I highly encourage anyone to try these runs out and reach out to the
community if they need any help! I myself definitely want to try these runs one day. 
Also a nice and warm welcome to Mockingjay to the world of blindfolded runs, I hope you had some fun trying it!

Kingdom Hearts 3
Last but not least, we have Violin with an extremely impressive bossfight showcase in Kingdom Hearts 3. He managed to beat the secret boss "Yozora" , which is also considered the 
hardest fight in the entire game, blindfolded, on highest difficulty, with all pro codes (which raise the difficulty even more), on level 1, WITHOUT taking damage! WOW! Thats 
a lot of crazy restrictions. He did some blindfolded showcases of this fight in the past, but this one triumphs over them all. He even managed to perform this feat
live in front of an audience at the recent KH20 event! Super cool to see and I cannot stress enough how worth this is checking out in full. Super precise parries, dodge rolls,
lots of audio cues and combos. Huge GG.

Thank you all very much for listening today, as always go follow the runners, give them some love, leave a like and subscribe if you would like to catch the news next month again.
Also feel free to leave a comment about which run you enjoyed the most and if you like this new style of in person news with a bit more of a freestyle speech here and there. 
Have a nice day and see you next month again! Bye! 














