Hey Bubzia here! I have exciting news today and I want to introduce you to a new Youtube 
series I want to start which is called: Blindfolded Speedrunning News
I want to collect all new blindfolded runs and achievements the community has made 
within a month and present them here in a little showcase.
In this month August, we had a lot going on so lets get right into it!

SMB1
First of all, we have the big hype about the recent Super Mario Bros 1 grind. 
Many players are currently attempting to blindfold this game, mostly inspired by 
the new world record that Crescendo set last month with a time of 11:55. This run has beaten
a 5 year old record from Doudai and now with newer strats and optimizations, more and more players are attempting
to lower the time even more. Steeledude42 was successful in this quest on 8th August, getting 
a 11:21. Since then this run stands as the current record, but it is speculated that a sub 10 or 
or a even sub 9 should be possible with enough grinding and luck. 

Zhilkan
Next up is Super Mario 64, with a blindfolded speedrun of the 16 star category by Zhilkan in
1:06:47. This run got him the 3rd place on the leaderboard and made him the 6th person in the
entire world to ever beat SM64 blindfolded. Recently many people have started to learn 16 star
including mojopug who a few days prior finished a 16 star run in July. Notable for Zhilkans run
is that he used a non notched controller, which makes it really difficult in some sections.

Another notable thing is the progress of my own 120 star grind in SM64. Within August, I got from 111 single stars 
to 116, getting all non 100 coins stars out of the way. Now left is only SSL100, JRB100 and then the impossible
LLL and DDD 100.  

Sekiro
Another big hype in the community was the blindfolded Sekiro: Shadows Die Twice grind that has
occured recently. Both LilAggy and Mitchriz have completed runs of Sekiro any% in the past weeks.
First came Mitchriz with the world first at the end of July with a 4:35:13, then LilAggy also
finished a run with a time of 4:40:03. By now, Mitchriz has continued to grind this game and recently got
a 2:26:15 on August 27th.

DK94
The player named Civel routed and excecuted the first two worlds of DK94 on the original GB and put them together
as a proof of concept in a spliced video. He started this project in October 2020 and by now has 
around 70% of the game routed. He hopes to to finish a full run within the next months, though the remaining
levels are heavy on RNG and tight timings.

Mirrors Edge
Mirrors Edge has to our knowledge not been attempted before, thats why we were very happy to see 
the super cool strats and normalization techniques showcased by FoxTroop who managed to finish the Tutorial
and the first stage blindfolded. I really recommend checking the strats out, its really interesting how
the game allows for good normalization in a first person game.

Pokemon Crystal
The long time blindfolded pokemon runner Shifty has recently stepped up from Gen 1 to Gen 2 and is now
doing blindfolded runs of Pokemon Crystal with a custom starter romhack that allows him to start with an
Alakazam. This is used to get a better feel for the game and movement, as I heard him say that 
he wants to do a vanilla runs in the future. He finished two runs so far, the first with a 4:56:38 on August 7th,
the second with a 4:41:37 on August 18th.

MGS3
The speedrunner ApacheSmash, who also performed at GDQ earlier last month, has started
to route and practice a blindfolded run of Metal Gear Solid 3. He has been grinding runs of all the bossfights
so far which result in very impressive and tactical strategies in true MGS nature. 
There are many difficulties
within this game, but we are all excited to see where this will go in the future.

Smash Allstars

Last but not least we have the big grind that has been going in Super Smash Bros. Melee recently. 
It all started with me trying the All star category for fun with the new Donkey Kong strats by shamana, getting me a time of 2:05 on the 5th of August.
Very shortly after that thenewbplays started grinding and got a one second improvement over my run with a 2:04.
But that is not all, a third challenger has entered the battlefield, Vikingja. He grinded like crazy and got PB after PB,
resulting in the current WR of 1:30.280. He says he wants to continue for a sub 1:30 but hopes that some other challengers
will still come and try to beat his times. 

EDIT: DK . Mirrors Edge, MGS times

His current fullgame PB with all blindfolded bosses is around 1:30 long.
Both world combined took him around 7 and a half minutes.
The Prologue took him 8:55min , and the first chapter around 24 minutes. 


If you enjoyed the news this month, please consider subscribing to all the mentioned runners and my channel! 
You can find all their links in the description below the video.
Also huge shoutouts to Saver for always putting up lots of work with our community website and fixing it in true speedrun nature 
with the recent troubles that occured. Stay tuned for next months edition of this new series and see you around! 


 





