Hey guys, in todays episode of blindfolded speedrun news we have many hype runs and achievements going on. First of all,
let me start with blindfolded Punch Out on NES. The japanese runner Mikurom has beaten his PB by over a minute, giving him now a time of
22:22. Then, a new runner DJ Incendration has finished a run with an amazing time of 22:03. Now his recording unfortunately
does not contain video proof, but we have the entire sound spectrum for it. Even more amazing is the fact, that DJ Incendration
is a legally blind person, who loves video games enough to grind them out in such a fashion. Big GGs to both runners.

Next up we have Super Mario 64. And oh man, this has been a month for SM64 Blindfolded. First of all, the german runner
Hendy_69 has performed his first 16 Star run after a long time of practice and has gotten himself a 52:38 which gives him
the 3rd place on the leaderboard. He still wants to continue grinding for a sub 45 before continuing with 31 Star, as the
infamous MIPS clip killed many of his recent run attempts.
Then we have my personal, probably so far biggest achievement: The world first 120 segmented completion of Super Mario 64.
In September I managed to successfully get the last 4 stars SSL, JRB, LLL and DDD 100 coins. Now all the individual stars
have been done and routed. The next step is practicing and routing the single segment 120 star run. Next to that, I have also
hit many difficult visual speedrun tricks for the first time in the world, like Owlless and Breezeless. 
A bit different from vanilla SM64 is the recent Scrooge 64 1 Star run from Cysse, which beat my old WR by 30 seconds, with a time
of 1:17. Scrooge 64 is a romhack in which you can perform a precise deathwarp to skip most of the game. 

Up next we had the absolutely amazing and crazy grind from ApacheSmash and TheLightningStrikes in Metal Gear Solid 2.
These two runners have picked up the "Tanker" category which is a short segment in the beginning of the game, and grinded 
the hell out of it. There were PBs after PBs, WR trades nearly every week. The friendly competition between these two 
brought the time from a 12:42 down to the first sub 8 minute run with a 7:52 by TheLightningStrikes. ApacheSmash is just 
right behind with a 8:21. Really inspirational rivalary in speedrunning, this quote from ApacheSmash describes it perfectly:
When you are directly competing with another person, you lose the ability to take the run easy.  You cannot cut corners. 
You have to innovate and play your best.  So I am very glad I wasn't alone in figuring out this, otherwise the time wouldn't be this low already.

Now we have a segment not about a certain game, but a certain runner: out community and website moderator Saver. He achieved many amazing blindfolded runs 
this month. First of all, he managed to beat Miitopia blindfolded in an incredible close to 12 hour long speedrun! On top of that he got the world record
in the Demo of Miitopia too with a time of 29:09. Miitopia is a RPG Adventure on Switch, and Saver routed many interesting strategies into this run.
All his party members, that are not individually controllable (YEY RNG) have specific classes and natures for the speedrun, and he grinded the parties level
in the beginning of the run for around 2 hours to boost his stats before proceeding with the story. 

Next to that, he beat Deltarune Chapter 2 out of nowhere, just a few days after the release of the game! This is an absolutely crazy task of memory,
as he ran the time with most his strats from previous visual playthroughs. He chose the genocide route, which includes a very difficult bossfight, but skips
a minigame that made at least me think the game might be impossible to run blindfolded. The final time was a 3:17:56.


TheNewbPlays also grinded some blindfolded fighting games this month. One of them was Soul Calibur 3. He managed to run the
categories: Quick Play and Tales of Souls in around 6 minutes each. These modes are similar to classic fighting game arcade and story modes. He used Siegfried as his character and managed to even
get a 4th and 5th place on the visual leaderboard with his run! 
Besides that, he also did a run of Smash for Wii U with the classic mode on easiest difficulty. That run finished with a time of 5:20 and he used Ganondorf with his powerful smash attacks
as his character.

Recently we also had a segmented completion of a game again, with Ocarina of Time glitchless any% by Bou_Frost. He managed to beat the game in 31 sessions, with
live reviews of previous sections. It is a similar challenge to the famous blindfolded runs of Runnerguy2489. It is a very different playstyle to the 
single segment runs that we usually see, so it is nice to have change like this! GG for the completion!

The runner Klice, who has done many Celeste levels blindfolded in the past, has recently managed to get the golden berry
in the Chapter 1 B-Sides blindfolded! This is considered an extremely difficult task, as first of all, the B Side Levels 
are more difficult than the normal game, but on top of that you are not allowed to die a single time in order to get the 
golden berry. This requires incredible consistency in all the precise jumps. Hats off to Klice!

We have also seen some new world records in Sekiro this month. The runner Mitchriz who was featured last episode already, has beaten his 
own world record twice more, first with a 2:14 , then with a 2:06 run. The goal last month was a sub 2:20, so we can definitely say that
he exceeded all of our expectations with this amazing run. Maybe we will one day even see a sub 2 hour run if this trend continues. 

Last but not least, we have a new world record in SMB1 blindfolded by AryaIS in 9:05 and a new PB by Crescendo in 10:04
The grind for Super Mario Bros 1 continues, and still many different players are trying to lower the times. It is theorized that a sub 8 is the current end game 
goal. Big shoutout and respect for everyone working on new strats behind the scenes to make these runs possible! I am sure we will eventually see a really
optimized blindfolded run of this game.

For the end of todays news section, I want to introduce you to a new feature on the blindfolded gaming website. You can now click on this news tab and you will find a textual version of each months news there.
Those news also directly link to the mentioned runners profiles, so you can check out their runs and PBs from there. Dont forget to show them some love and leave them a follow if you enjoy their work! That's it 
for September, I hope to see you next month again! Have a good one! 

Big shoutouts to to all of my patreons for supporting me and sponsoring this video. Special thanks to
Benlitz, Bob Farrell, Funkeylicious,ZXMany and vr4300 for the generous support. I truly appreciate it with all of my heart. 










