Welcome to another episode of Blindfolded Speedrun News! December was stacked with incredible runs, 
PBs, WRs and World Firsts.

To start things off, we have a new world record of Pokemon Emerald any% Glitchless by Wharax! He finished the run in around 5 hours which is around 1 hour
faster then the previous record by Hari. He said that he took a lot of inspiration from Haris Routing, and that he also 
is already planning to improve this time again. Mostly there will be a new RNG manipulation for a blindfolded abra catch and with some elimination of
mistakes, he estimates at least another 30 minutes of timesave. Big GG!

Next up we have lots of new runs in Super Mario 64. And I mean A LOT! 
First of we have one new blindfolded completion of the game with 16 stars by Pingu16! He managed to become the 9th person
to ever beat the game blindfolded with a time of 2 hours and 49 minutes. He said he wants to take a break from blindfolded
now but there is definitely a lot of room for improvement in the run, as he struggled a bit with the last stage and bowser fight.
The entry of the last section was at 1 hour 30 minutes, so around half the run was just the very difficult ending. Big GG to the completion, and I wonder who the 10th person will become.

Next up we have Hendy securing himself a solid 3rd place on the 16 star leaderboard with a time of 38:59. With that
he is the 3rd person with a sub 40 minute run and honestly, thats incredibly impressive. He improved his PB by around 6 minutes too, which is quite the
big jump. I believe he wants to take a break from 16 star now too, and eventually start 31 star as the infamous mips clip is not required there.

I myself also had a crazy month of SM64. I had to put Stage RTAs and practice for 120 star on halt because of various 
marathon runs I had to attend, most notably RTAinJapan (in which I finished 70 star in 1 hour 47 minutes). Thats why I 
returned to speedrunning and improved my overall strats for many stars. That lead me to PB in all 5 main categories:
1 star, 16 star, 31 star, 50 star and 70 star within 2 weeks of December. I am really proud of that achievement. 
Both 1 star and 50 star even passed the old world records and we got very close to it in 31 star. I plan to get one more
round of PBs after I finish 120 star, but for now that will be the main focus until it is done. 

We also have a new runner and a new game this month! Nico2718 managed to beat the browser game "Red Ball" in the 12 level
category blindfolded in around 8 minutes. He grinded and improved his strats quite a bit over the past month, so this time is already the result of multiple runs.
Always really cool to see new runners try games that we have not seen here before yet, so thanks for running! 

Our veteran runner Mitchiz managed to beat his already incredible PB in Sekiro once again, this time snatching the worlds first
sub 2 hour run with a time of 1 hour and 52 minutes. He grinded the any% category a lot again in practice for his upcoming GDQ run, and 
the practice definitely paid off! As always, big congratulations and hats off, this is definitely not an easy game to blindfold.

Now, one unexpected thing did happen though. Out of nowhere, a chinese runner called "JustBlind" uploaded a blindfolded Sekiro run 
only a few days after Mitchriz's PB. The time was 1 hour 42 minutes. Another 10 minute improvement over the new record.
I did not manage to contact the runner just yet, but according to Mitchriz, he specialized on bossfights in Sekiro and Dark Souls 3
since quite a while already, thats why his fighting strats are really optimized. On top of that, he skips many savety safes and uses a way
riskier route in general. 
All in all, that leads to definitely more strats and insights to the blindfolded run of the game, so we hope that some of these strats can be 
used for other future runs too! Lastly, big good luck to Mitchriz on his upcoming GDQ run, we are all excited to watch!

The Smash Melee - All Star WR holder Vikingja managed to beat his PB one more time, finally getting himself the sub 1:30 that he wanted.
It is truly incredible how far down the time in this category has come. I believe he said that around 20 more seconds can be saved with perfect RNG.
Another amazing achievement in blindfolded Melee was his completion of the Event Match 33 with a TAS strat that only a few have performed even when sighted.
It is a short clip, so lets just look at it in full.

Now a little showcase of another new runner: Kefka14. He managed to finish multiple categories of The Powerpuff Girls: Chemical X-Traction
on N64 while blindfolded. He speedruns this game visually since quite a long time and wanted to challenge himself now with another challenge.
I would say that worked out pretty well, considering he managed to beat the game with the 4 different characters.

On top of that, he tried himself on some smaller IL Challenges in Chameleon Twist. He beat 4 out of 5 training rooms blindfolded, which makes
one really wonder if we will ever see a full game run of this game. I remember I looked into it myself one day and some stages should definitely 
be possible, though there is lots of troubles with the bossfights. Only time will tell, lets hope for the best that one day we have an awesome run of this game!

Another huge achievement was the blindfolded full game run of Sonic the Hedgehog 2 by Bartogian. We always wondered why not more of the Sonic games have been
blindfolded yet, and well, here is a big one! He finished the any% category in 1 hour and 41 minutes, making this the world first completion. As this was 
also his first game to blindfold, I want to state my congratulations to the run and a warm welcome to the blindfolded community!

This is it for this months episode of Blindfolded Speedrun News! There was one more segmented blindfolded completion of Metroid Dread 
in December by Kwev, but I unfortunately could not reach him just yet. I believe he managed to beat the game in 4 session with a total of around 17 hours.
Besides that, I want to wish you all an amazing upcoming new year with hopefully many blindfolded runs! As always, please show 
all the runners some love by following them on their social media channels , and please subscribe for more blindfolded speedrunning content!
Thank you for watching, and see you next time!

