
Welcome to the November 2021 Episode of Blindfolded Speedrun News! Again many unique runs this month, and on top of that an exciting time with the start of the 
marathon season. 
First of, we have the famous content creator "Pointcrow" beating the GreatPlateau category in The Legend of Zelda, Breath of the Wild blindfolded. It took him
around 1 hour and 40 minutes and he is with that the 4th person to ever beat the beginning of the game while fully blindfolded. This category involves getting the first 4 shrines and then
obtaining the glider. The route was mostly based of CrystalSaver's run 
as far as I know. Really interesting in this game is the sheer amount of normalized sidehops etc. to traverse the immense overworld.


Next up we have a very short and tiny run of a game that probably many of you have never seen before. 
Shaaa has sucessfully beaten the NES game "Bad News Baseball" while blindfolded at the end of October. It basically contains a baseball game,
that means one round as batter and one as pitcher. Its very short, around 3 minutes long, so if you are interested in sport games, please check it out!


Once again we are blessed with more "Super Mario Bros. 1" blindfolded runs this month. And once more it is a new world record by Crescendo! He managed to beat the last record
that Niftski set with an amazing time of 7:59! That not only marks a new world record but also the first clearance of the 8 minute barrier. There is still more stratting and practicing
done in the community, so I wonder if we still will see a better run than this in the future. Big GGs!

Saver joined the recent hype of the Metal Gear Solid 2 Tanker speedruns and finished a run himself in 19 minutes and 9 seconds! With that he is the 4th person to beat this category, and very 
interesting to know is that he learned the entire run in one day! There are awesome resources for the run like the a tutorial by ApacheSmash, so if you are interested in Metal Gear Solid or want 
to learn a cool blindfolded speedrun on your own, check it out!


The very same guy that I mentiond a second ago, who created the Metal Gear Solid 2 Tutorial actually finished another new run this month! It is Metal Gear Solid 3 with the Virtuous Mission IL.
It is the very first part of Metal Gear Solid 3 and acts as an introduction to the story and mechanics of the game. He beat it in 5:43 which is the fastest time at this moment. Actually, he beat 
my own time of this category with this run and since there was also a third runner already, we made a new leaderboard for this category on the blindfolded gaming website! Please be sure to check it out!

Another little update on the 120 star journey of myself in Super Mario 64: In November, I managed to beat 3 more Stage RTAs: HMC, TTM and RR. With that we have 8/15 done until the big run happens.
 I spend the rest
of the month rerouting and derusting the 70 star speedrun for upcoming marathons, so there was not much further progress with Stage RTAs.

We have some exciting news about major marathons in the next marathon season! 
First off: GDQ has announced their schedule and we can find two of our community members on the list! ApacheSmash will perform Metal Gear Solid 2 - Tanker Blindfolded with an estimate of 15 minutes,
and Mitchriz will perform Sekiro - any% Blindfolded with an estimate of 2:45:00
Then RTA in Japan, the probably second biggest speedrun marathon from Japan, also accepted two blindfolded runs! I got the honor to perform Super Mario 64 - 70 Star Blindfolded with an estimate of 
2:05:00 and right after me Mikurom will perform Mike Tysons Punch Out with an estimate of 50 min.
ESA has not released their schedule for their winter event yet, but they will hold an online preshow in which I will appear with a blindfolded speedrun of Super Captain Falcon 64 - 1 Star blindfolded.
This is a romhack of Super Mario 64 and if you have not seen it yet, you definitely should, it is absolutely crazy!

Thats it for this months blindfolded news, as always, I hope you enjoyed it, go follow the runners and check out their amazing runs, leave a comment and subscribe, and see you next time!



npx create-react-app bubzia-website


