Welcome to this months edition of Blindfolded Speedrun News! We have many exciting runs in this month again annd I would like to start 
with one of the most hype runs ever! The probably most popular game in existence "Minecraft" was successfully blindfolded by Saver! 
He managed to finish two runs with the first time being a 33:35 and then a 26:54. To negate the randomness of the game, Saver used a 
set seed that he prepared a route for in combination with some mods that allow button mappings for camera controlls. The final boss was 
defeated with a clever strat in which you trap the ender dragon and then shoot him to death with the bow. Big congratulations on this world first completion! 

Next up we have a very unique run by Felipereis11011. He managed to beat the phone game "Rust Bucket" in just under 2 hours. He is also the visual world record
holder of the game and after one year of running it, he wanted to challenge himself with a blindfolded run. Incredible memorization for such a long puzzle game.
Interesting to note is his unique way of capturing the camera, he actually recorded the webcam with the same phone pointing at a mirror while playing the game!

As always we have some big achievements in Super Mario 64. First of we have yet again a new person finishing a 16 star run! Thewizkig has become the 8th person in the
world to clear the full game and secured himself the 6th place on the 16 star leaderboard. Impressive are his fast and advanced strats, with which he can probably shoot for still
a way faster time. He finished in 1:32h.
Besides that, Hendy who already appeared last month has improved his 16 Star PB by around 8 minutes! He hit difficult tricks like Lakitu Skip and Mips clip first try and managed to get
a 45 minute run. Really amazing progress here, I am proud of you Hendy!
Then we again have my own progress in blindfolded 120 star. This month I have started to practice for the big run with Stage RTAs. Those are speedruns of all the stars within one 
stage. I have managed to learn and beat 5 Stage RTAs so far, WF, TTC, WDW, BBH and CCM. All of those were around 10 minutes long which makes me look forward to the full run even more.

Another new game that has been attempted this month is the popular Golden Eye on N64. Gytaco managed to beat the individual level "Dam" in just
a bit over one hour. As always, first person shooters are generally considered very difficult to blindfold, so its really great to see some attempts
on a speedrunning classic like this. Hopefully we see more of this game in the future!

Another runner already featured last month got another PB! TheLightningStrikes managed to beat the pretty optimized Metal Gear Solid 2 Tanker WR 
once more with a time of 7:43! Apparently there was still a tiny mistake in this run before the strats are fully perfectly executed, but I am sure
with time this will also see this cut off.

TheNewbPlays once again tackled many tiny ILs. First of all, he started with some more runs of Smash 4, managing the Multi-Man Smash and the 
Multi-Man Smash 100 while blindfolded. He mostly used Marth with his powerful sword attacks. 
Next he took a look at Sonic 2 for Sega Genesis. He managed to beat the first stage "Emerald Hill Zone" in around 4 minutes, and on top of that the 
final boss called Death Egg. He beat him in around 6 and a half minutes. Seeing all those IL runs of Sonic 2 makes one question if a full game run might be possible.

Klice from last month's episode also managed to beat one more B-Side level of Celeste with the golden berry. This time it is Chapter 2. Honestly,
for me this is just extremely impressive and I think we all know how difficult and precise the movement in Celeste is. So not much to say here besides,
check it out in full, its crazy.

Another extremely cool and impressive run was performed this month by Elfinout. He managed to beat Mortal Kombat Shaolin Monks for PS2 blindfolded after some prior completions in less than an hour! He is 
also the visual any% WR holder, which indicates his extensive knowledge about the game.
The run includes cool fighting sequences, 3D movement and many really amazing out of bounds and height glitches. 
I have never played the game but the run looks extremely fun and broken. Big GGs!

Last but not least we have another Super Mario Bros. World Record by Niftski! The visual top runner decided to pick up blindfolded and oh man he got a good run. After practicing,
he managed to beat the current WR by around one whole minute with only his 13th attempt of runs. The many years of experience with this game definitely helped in this one, and we
are all hyped to see if this time can get lowered even more in the future. There are still constantly new strats being developed behind the scenes, so I sure hope so. 

Thats it for this months episode of Blindfolded Speedrun News. As always, if you enjoyed it please go ahead and support all the runners with a follow and some love, all the info can be found in the description. Also 
consider subscribing to this channel if you want to see more content like this! Thanks for watching and see you next time! 



