Welcome to another episode of Blindfolded Speedrun News. 2022 has started and we have had quite a few great achievments this month!
To start things off, we have 2 more completions of C-Side levels with the Golden Berry in Celeste by Klice. What that means is, 
that he is not allowed to die even once during the entire level. He managed to beat Chapter 1 and 4 blindfolded which is extremely impressive
considering the incredible precise jumps and inputs that are needed for speedrunning this game. From what I could gather, it took him around 5 hours of practice
to get Chapter 4 done. Anyways, super impressive and always really cool to see blindfolded challenges like this! Keep it up!

A big surprise that I am incredibly happy about is the return of Parisianplayer! He challenged himself with another The Legend of Zelda : A Link to the Past run with All Bossfights and all glitches.
This achievement took him just under 6 hours, which is a more than 3 hour improvement of his previous attempt on this category! He said he also got his fastest blindfolded Ganon fight ever in this run.
There were still some little hickups here and there, for example the Palace of Darkness due to some jank mechanic of the crystal drop, but he managed to back it up all just fine. 
Really happy to see some more of his runs and apparently he plans to submit this category to some upcoming events like GDQ. Lets hope for the best!

Next up we once again have Wharax with a new PB and world record in Pokemon Emerald - any% Glitchless. He managed to beat his previous run of around 5 hours, in just 
barely under 4 hours this time. A whole hour of improvement, really cool to see! According to him, he had a very good execution in this run combined with pretty good RNG
It was also the first run attempt with the a new Abra Route. From now on, it will depend on optimizing the movement without bonking on walls etc, but it might prove difficult to get lower times at this point.
Also, Shifty, the world record holder of Pokemon Red and Yellow is getting interested in the category. Cool to see some competition in new games like this, lets see how it turns out!

As always, what would Blindfolded Speedrun News be without a Super Mario 64 section? 
To start things up, I want to first reflect on my progress of blindfolded 120 star. I have managed to beat 5 new Stage RTAs including SL, THI, JRB, LLL and BOB. All
of these stages went really well with only some minor mistakes in them. In all of these stages, I mostly managed to get the times of the 100 coin stars down by a lot.
One example: I got BOB 100 coin down from a 1 hour and 14 minute run to a 29 minute star. Thats a big big improvement. 
Now only left are DDD and SSL, and I am currently working on getting DDD down next. 
Besides that I also managed to beat the Romhack "The Super Mario Bros. Super Show 64" in the 1 star category in just over a minute. Its a pretty big meme of a run, 
but hell thats what we sometimes have to appreciate it. I routed the whole thing in like 5 minutes and got this run first try.

Besides my own achievements, we also have another huge PB by Hendy, now known as "Hendyman"! He improved his PB by another 3 minutes, scoring him a really impressive
35:51. With that PB, he is only 7 minutes away from my current second place. With his Sum of Best being a 31:12 currently, I am sure he will be able to still improve in the future.
Big GG for this PB, it is not an easy task to get such a time in this game!

Last but definitely not least, we have Mitchriz and his amazing grind of blindfolded Sekiro. As I said last month, a new runner has taken the world record in Sekiro 
out of nowhere, but Mitchriz did not let that sit for long. He got PB after PB, getting ever so slightly faster (there was even a 1 second PB in this 2 hour long run), until this current run happened.
A 1 hour and 33 minutes completion of blindfolded Sekiro - any%. Beating the previous record by 9 whole minutes. 
According to Mitchriz, it was a mix of a few new strats, going more risky in the earlier parts of the run and accept resets, and the new big timesave: blindfolded
Frontside Dojo Skip. It is a strategy that is considered very difficult even sighted, and Mitchriz only recently learned it himself. Really really impressive in my opinion, hats off for that.
Mitchriz also said that he currently is satisfied and has for the moment no futher plans on grinding this category. Big congratulations on all you efforts and hopefully 
one day we will see more of your blindfolded skill!

With that, I want to quickly transition into a little breakout of telling you about some recent big marathon runs. As many of you might know,
Mitchriz actually performed his Sekiro run live at GDQ a while ago, getting himself a time of just over 2 hours. In the same event, ApacheSmash showcased his 
blindfolded Metal Gear Solid 2 - Tanker run and finished in just over 10 minutes. He also performed the same run live at UKSG a few days ago, with a final time of 8:26.
Big congrats to your runs! The previously mentioned Pokemon runner Shifty also performed Pokemon Red in the same event, with a final time of 2 hours and 39 minutes.
Great to see so many blindfolded marathon runs recently, keep it up!

And thats also already it for this months episode of Blindfolded Speedrun News! Go follow the runners and show them some love, and please like and subscribe for more blindfolded speedrunning content! 
Thank you very much and see you next month again, bye!
